fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/overview/hosts/plugins.mdx

---

> title: 'Host Plugins — Extend wasmCloud Hosts'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Host Plugins — Extend wasmCloud Hosts'
sidebar_label: 'Plugins'
```

> ---
> title: 'Host Plugins — Extend wasmCloud Hosts'
> toc_max_heading_level: 2
> description: 'Host plugins extend wasmCloud hosts with additional capabilities — bring custom WASI implementations and integrations into your WebAssembly runtime.'
> ---
> 
> ### Host plugins extend hosts with additional capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Host Plugins — Extend wasmCloud Hosts'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Plugins'
toc_max_heading_level: 2
description: 'Host plugins extend wasmCloud hosts with additional capabilities — bring custom WASI implementations and integrations into your WebAssembly runtime.'
---

# Plugins

### Host plugins extend hosts with additional capabilities.
```
